come on just tell me please please for
the 16th time no I do not think you're
obsessive oh gosh it's hot in here
Rach get the ink Roscoe turn the heat
down please sure by the way there's a
difference between being obsessive Ross
the heat fine okay
heat heat heat and I'm the obsessive one
huh okay this way is on so this is oh
did you just break the radiator no no I
was trimming them up and and here it is
it's hard to tell because I'm sweating
but I use exactly what the gel bottle
says an amount about the size of the pee
now how can that be too much I
every squares anyone take a napkin all
right
Monica Monica Monica your guests are
turning into jerky okay let's be
comfortable
hey hey hey get on buddy I was next mr.
treeger huh here is 50 bucks Merry
Christmas
oh wow I didn't get you anything
hey it's fine back no no no that's
that's your Christmas tip all right oh
hey do you think there's a chance so you
can fix that radiator now uh uh no can
do like I told the girl I gotta get a
new knob until Tuesday Ross yeah looks
like he's playing baseball you mean
hardball whatever what you gonna do
excuse me I'm seizing mr. treeger
here's another 50 Happy Hanukkah will uh
will this help with the knob getting no
the place is not open till Tuesday am I
not saying it right hmm so wait you
really did like my cookies oh yeah it
was so personal really showed you cared
nice easing gel boy so uh is this a
mistletoe I know that that is basil ah
yeah cuz it was mistletoe I was gonna
kiss you yeah no it's still basil hey
guys it's after midnight
Merry Christmas everyone
hey Monica the knob was broken so I just
turned it off from underneath I hope
that's alright
Rach these are for you
wiper blades I don't even have a car no
but with this new car smell you'll think
you do okay Pheebs your turn
oh is that what you were doing while I
was getting gas uh-huh
you guys and for Ross mr. sweet tune you
got me a Cola drink and a lemon-lime
well this this is too much I feel like I
should get you another sweater and last
but not least the ribbed for your
pleasure
you